item.banner.black.name=blakc bahnor
item.banner.blue.name=bloo bahnor
item.banner.border.black=Blak Burdur
item.banner.border.blue=Blu Brdur
item.banner.border.brown=brown burder
item.banner.border.cyan=Sighan Burdur
item.banner.border.gray=Gra Burdur
item.banner.border.green=Gren Burdur
item.banner.border.lightBlue=Light blue Brdur
item.banner.border.lime=Lim Burdur
item.banner.border.magenta=Mrgenta Brdure
item.banner.border.orange=Ornga Brdure
item.banner.border.pink=Pnk Burdur
item.banner.border.purple=Purrrrple Burdur
item.banner.border.red=Soviet Burdur
item.banner.border.silver=Lite Gra Burdur
item.banner.border.white=Whtie Brdure
item.banner.border.yellow=Yallow Brdur
item.banner.bricks.black=Lolko40
item.banner.bricks.blue=covert in emo briks
item.banner.bricks.brown=Lolko43
item.banner.bricks.cyan=Lolko45
item.banner.bricks.gray=Lolko47
item.banner.bricks.green=Lolko42
item.banner.bricks.lightBlue=covert in laight blue briks
item.banner.bricks.lime=lemi Feld mazond
item.banner.bricks.magenta=Majenta Feild Masoneded
item.banner.bricks.orange=coverd in oringe briks
item.banner.bricks.pink=Lolko48
item.banner.bricks.purple=Lolko44
item.banner.bricks.red=Lolko41
item.banner.bricks.silver=Lolko46
item.banner.bricks.white=wit fel mazon
item.banner.bricks.yellow=covert in yella briks
item.banner.brown.name=broun bahnor
item.banner.circle.black=Black Rundel
item.banner.circle.blue=Bluu Rundel
item.banner.circle.brown=Bruwn Rundel
item.banner.circle.cyan=Cyan Rundel
item.banner.circle.gray=Gry Rundel
item.banner.circle.green=Gren Rundel
item.banner.circle.lightBlue=Light Bluu Rundel
item.banner.circle.lime=Laim Rundel
item.banner.circle.magenta=Magnta Rundel
item.banner.circle.orange=Orang Rundel
item.banner.circle.pink=Pinkie Raundl
item.banner.circle.purple=Purpl Rundel
item.banner.circle.red=Soviet Rundel
item.banner.circle.silver=Light Gry Rundel
item.banner.circle.white=Whit Rundel
item.banner.circle.yellow=Yello Rundel
item.banner.creeper.black=bleck creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.blue=bleu creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.brown=brouwn creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.cyan=bleu creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.gray=grey creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.green=gryen creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.lightBlue=lite blew creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.lime=liem creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.magenta=pyrple creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.orange=oraynge creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.pink=pienk creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.purple=pyrple creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.red=ried creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.silver=lite grey creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.white=whiet creeps churge
item.banner.creeper.yellow=yllow creeps churge
item.banner.cross.black=Blak Saltir
item.banner.cross.blue=Bloo Saltir
item.banner.cross.brown=Brwn Saltir
item.banner.cross.cyan=Cyan Saltir
item.banner.cross.gray=Gra Saltir
item.banner.cross.green=Gren Saltir
item.banner.cross.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Saltir
item.banner.cross.lime=Lim Salitr
item.banner.cross.magenta=Majenta Saltir
item.banner.cross.orange=Ornge Salitr
item.banner.cross.pink=Pinc Saltir
item.banner.cross.purple=Purrrrrrrple Saltir
item.banner.cross.red=Soviet Salltir
item.banner.cross.silver=Lite Gra Saltir
item.banner.cross.white=Wite Saltir
item.banner.cross.yellow=Yelo Saltir
item.banner.curly_border.black=Nigga Brdure Intnded
item.banner.curly_border.blue=Blu brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.brown=Shit
item.banner.curly_border.cyan=Cian brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.gray=gray brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.green=Grin Brdure Intnded
item.banner.curly_border.lightBlue=lghtis blue yellow brdudere intnded
item.banner.curly_border.lime=Lmao brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.magenta=mrgenta brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.orange=Orange thing thath we don't know wat it is... lol
item.banner.curly_border.pink=Pink brdure intndede
item.banner.curly_border.purple=pruple brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.red=Crab Brdure Intnded
item.banner.curly_border.silver=Light greay brndure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.white=White brdure intnded
item.banner.curly_border.yellow=Yellow thing .... lol
item.banner.cyan.name=nyan bahnor
item.banner.diagonal_left.black=Blak Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.blue=Blu Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.brown=Browhn Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.cyan=Sigh-Ann Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.gray=Grey Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.green=Grean Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.lightBlue=Lite Blu Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.lime=Lah-I'm Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.magenta=Muhgentuh Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.orange=Ohrang Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.pink=Pink Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.purple=Purpel Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.red=Soviet Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.silver=Lite Grey Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.white=Wite Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_left.yellow=Yelo Pr Behnd Sinistar
item.banner.diagonal_right.black=Blak Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.blue=Bloo Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.brown=Brwn Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.cyan=Sighan Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.gray=Gra Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.green=Gren Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.lime=Liem Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.magenta=Majentaa Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.orange=Ornge Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.pink=Pnk Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.purple=Purrrrple Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.red=Soviet Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.silver=Lite Gra Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.white=Wite Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_right.yellow=Yelo Purr Bend
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.black=Blak Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.blue=Blu Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.brown=Browwhn Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.cyan=Sigh-Ann Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.gray=Gray Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.green=Grean Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.lightBlue=Light Blue Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.lime=Lime Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.magenta=Magenta Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.orange=Orange Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.pink=Pink Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.purple=Perpul Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.red=Soviet Pr Behnd Inverted
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.silver=Lite Gra Purr Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.white=wait pur bent invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_left.yellow=Yellow Per Bend Invertd
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.black=blak par bentsinistrrr incetteerf
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.blue=Bluu Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.brown=Brown Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.cyan=Cyan Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.gray=Gry Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.green=Gren Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.lightBlue=Light bluu Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.lime=Laim Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.magenta=Magnta Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.orange=Orang Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.pink=Pink Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.purple=Purpl Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.red=Soviet Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.silver=Light Gry Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.white=Whit Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.diagonal_up_right.yellow=Yello Pur Bed Sinster Invertud
item.banner.flower.black=Blak flowr karge
item.banner.flower.blue=Bloo Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.brown=Broun Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.cyan=Sighan Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.gray=Gra Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.green=Gren Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.lime=Liem Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.magenta=Majentaa Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.orange=Orang Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.pink=Pinc Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.purple=Purrrpl Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.red=Soviet Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.silver=Lite Gra Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.white=Wite Fluor Charg
item.banner.flower.yellow=Yelo Fluor Charg
item.banner.gradient.black=bleck faed
item.banner.gradient.blue=bleu faed
item.banner.gradient.brown=brouwn faed
item.banner.gradient.cyan=sea faed
item.banner.gradient.gray=grey faed
item.banner.gradient.green=greeen faed
item.banner.gradient.lightBlue=lit bru gradz
item.banner.gradient.lime=liem faed
item.banner.gradient.magenta=maginte gradz
item.banner.gradient.orange=oranje gradz
item.banner.gradient.pink=pienk faed
item.banner.gradient.purple=TEH PRPLZ TRANSIST
item.banner.gradient.red=ryd faed
item.banner.gradient.silver=lite grey faed
item.banner.gradient.white=wit gradz
item.banner.gradient.yellow=yelouw faed
item.banner.gradient_up.black=african american grad
item.banner.gradient_up.blue=bru gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.brown=bruwn gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.cyan=nyan gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.gray=gra grade
item.banner.gradient_up.green=gran gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.lightBlue=lite blu gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.lime=lemi gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.magenta=magintaz gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.orange=Ohrang Baze Graidieant
item.banner.gradient_up.pink=rad prus wite gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.purple=poiple gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.red=rad gradz
item.banner.gradient_up.silver=lit gra grade
item.banner.gradient_up.white=Wite Bas Gradeent
item.banner.gradient_up.yellow=yello grad
item.banner.gray.name=grai bahnor
item.banner.green.name=grene bahnor
item.banner.half_horizontal.black=blak purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.blue=blu purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.brown=brawn purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.cyan=cian purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.gray=grey perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.green=grean purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.lightBlue=lightish blu perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.lime=lime perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.magenta=majenta perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.orange=orange perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.pink=pink perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.purple=purrpel purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.red=Soviet purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.silver=lightish grey purr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.white=colorless perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal.yellow=yello perr fez
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.black=blak purr fess inverted
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.blue=Lolko28
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.brown=brown purr fess inverted
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.cyan=Lolko30
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.gray=Lolko32
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.green=green purr fess inverted
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.lightBlue=Lolko36
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.lime=Lolko34
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.magenta=Lolko37
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.orange=Lolko38
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.pink=Lolko33
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.purple=Lolko29
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.red=soviet purr fess inverted
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.silver=Lolko31
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.white=Lolko39
item.banner.half_horizontal_bottom.yellow=Lolko35
item.banner.half_vertical.black=blak pur payl
item.banner.half_vertical.blue=bloo pore payl
item.banner.half_vertical.brown=broun  pr payl
item.banner.half_vertical.cyan=cian pur pal
item.banner.half_vertical.gray=grey purr peil
item.banner.half_vertical.green=grean por pail
item.banner.half_vertical.lightBlue=lightt bkuez purr pail
item.banner.half_vertical.lime=leim purr peil
item.banner.half_vertical.magenta=majenta purr pail
item.banner.half_vertical.orange=oringe purr peil
item.banner.half_vertical.pink=stylish purr peil
item.banner.half_vertical.purple=porple pair paiyiyil
item.banner.half_vertical.red=Soviet par pal
item.banner.half_vertical.silver=lit gra pur pal
item.banner.half_vertical.white=white purr pail
item.banner.half_vertical.yellow=yella purr peil
item.banner.half_vertical_right.black=blak purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.blue=blu purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.brown=brown purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.cyan=cyan purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.gray=grey purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.green=green purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.lightBlue=lightish blu purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.lime=lime purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.magenta=majenta purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.orange=orange purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.pink=pink purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.purple=purrrppple purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.red=soviet purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.silver=lighish grey purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.white=colorless purr pale inverted
item.banner.half_vertical_right.yellow=yellow purr pale inverted
item.banner.lightBlue.name=ligt bloo bahnor
item.banner.lime.name=liem bahnor
item.banner.magenta.name=megentre bahnor
item.banner.mojang.black=Blak thng
item.banner.mojang.blue=blu thing
item.banner.mojang.brown=Crap thing
item.banner.mojang.cyan=Cyn thing
item.banner.mojang.gray=grey thng
item.banner.mojang.green=Grn thung
item.banner.mojang.lightBlue=Lght blu thingh
item.banner.mojang.lime=Lime lemon thing
item.banner.mojang.magenta=Margenta thing thath we don't know wat it is... lol
item.banner.mojang.orange=Orange thing thath we don't know wat it is... lol
item.banner.mojang.pink=Pig-colored thing
item.banner.mojang.purple=Prple thing
item.banner.mojang.red=Soviet thng
item.banner.mojang.silver=lghti gyre thing
item.banner.mojang.white=No nigger thing
item.banner.mojang.yellow=Yllow thing
item.banner.orange.name=oreng bahnor
item.banner.pink.name=pinek bahnor
item.banner.purple.name=purrrpel bahnor
item.banner.red.name=SOVIET TEAM
item.banner.rhombus.black=blak losng
item.banner.rhombus.blue=Blu losung
item.banner.rhombus.brown=broun lozeng
item.banner.rhombus.cyan=cian lozene
item.banner.rhombus.gray=grey lozunj
item.banner.rhombus.green=greyn lozinge
item.banner.rhombus.lightBlue=lit blu lozenge
item.banner.rhombus.lime=lym LOLzenge
item.banner.rhombus.magenta=majina lizange
item.banner.rhombus.orange=urang lizangee
item.banner.rhombus.pink=Pinc Loseng
item.banner.rhombus.purple=pupell losenge
item.banner.rhombus.red=Rud lozanj
item.banner.rhombus.silver=lite gruy losinge
item.banner.rhombus.white=wyte lozunge
item.banner.rhombus.yellow=yullo lozunge
item.banner.silver.name=ligt grai bahnor
item.banner.skull.black=Blac Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.blue=Bloo Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.brown=Broun Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.cyan=Sighan Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.gray=Gra Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.green=Gren Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.lime=Liem Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.magenta=Majentaa Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.orange=Orang Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.pink=Pinc Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.purple=Purrrpl Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.red=rad SKULLZ charg
item.banner.skull.silver=Lite Gra Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.white=Wite Scul Charg
item.banner.skull.yellow=Yelo Scul Charg
item.banner.small_stripes.black=Blak Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.blue=Bluu Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.brown=Brawn Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.cyan=CyN Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.gray=Grey Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.green=Gre-n Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Palee
item.banner.small_stripes.lime=Limeh Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.magenta=Mujentaa Palee
item.banner.small_stripes.orange=Ornge Palee
item.banner.small_stripes.pink=Pink Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.purple=PurpL Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.red=Soviet Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.silver=Light Grey Paly
item.banner.small_stripes.white=Wyt Palee
item.banner.small_stripes.yellow=Yelo Palee
item.banner.square_bottom_left.black=Black Base Dextr Canton
item.banner.square_bottom_left.blue=bluz bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.brown=browzn bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.cyan=sian bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.gray=grae bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.green=Green Base Dextr Canton
item.banner.square_bottom_left.lightBlue=lite blu bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.lime=laim bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.magenta=majnta bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.orange=oranj bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.pink=pinkz bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.purple=purpul bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.red=Soviet Base Dextr Canton
item.banner.square_bottom_left.silver=lite grae bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.white=wiit bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_left.yellow=yeloe bais lepht skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.black=blak bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.blue=blu bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.brown=braun bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.cyan=sian bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.gray=grai bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.green=grin bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.lightBlue=lite blu bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.lime=laim bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.magenta=majnta bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.orange=oraje bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.pink=pinck bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.purple=purpul bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.red=Soviet bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.silver=lite grai bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_bottom_right.white=White baze sinistor canton
item.banner.square_bottom_right.yellow=yelloe bais rite skuair
item.banner.square_top_left.black=blak cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.blue=blooh cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.brown=broawn cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.cyan=cian cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.gray=greh cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.green=grein cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.lightBlue=liat blooh cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.lime=liame cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.magenta=magentorh cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.orange=oringe cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.pink=piank cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.purple=perpol cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.red=Soviet cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.silver=liat greh cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.white=white cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_left.yellow=yelow cheef dextor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.black=black cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.blue=blooh cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.brown=broawn cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.cyan=cian cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.gray=greyh cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.green=grein cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.lightBlue=liat bloo cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.lime=liame cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.magenta=magentorh cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.orange=oringe cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.pink=piank cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.purple=perpol cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.red=Soviet cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.silver=liat greyh cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.white=white cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.square_top_right.yellow=yelow cheef sinistor cantun
item.banner.straight_cross.black=Backi Blacki Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.blue=Bleu Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.brown=Brawn Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.cyan=Nyan Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.gray=Gay Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.green=Grean Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.lightBlue=Zero Bleu Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.lime=Lame Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.magenta=Magnet Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.orange=Orang-Utan Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.pink=Pink Panther Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.purple=Poople Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.red=Read Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.silver=Zero Gay Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.white=No Color Croz
item.banner.straight_cross.yellow=Hello Yellow Croz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.black=blak baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.blue=blooh baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.brown=broawn baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.cyan=cian baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.gray=greyh baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.green=grein baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.lightBlue=liat blooh baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.lime=liam baze fess
item.banner.stripe_bottom.magenta=magentorh baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.orange=oringe baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.pink=piank baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.purple=perpol baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.red=Soviet baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.silver=liat greyh baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.white=white baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_bottom.yellow=yelow baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_center.black=Blak Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.blue=Bloo Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.brown=Brwn Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.cyan=Sigh-an Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.gray=Gra Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.green=Gren Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.lime=Liem Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.magenta=Majentaa Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.orange=Ornge Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.pink=Pinc Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.purple=Purrrrrrple Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.red=Soviet Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.silver=Lite Gra Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.white=Wite Pal
item.banner.stripe_center.yellow=Ylw Pal
item.banner.stripe_downleft.black=Bluk Vend Sinizturr
item.banner.stripe_downleft.blue=Bluu Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.brown=Brahwn Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.cyan=CyN Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.gray=Grey Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.green=Gren Bent Siniste
item.banner.stripe_downleft.lightBlue=Light Bluu Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.lime=Limeh Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.magenta=Magentah Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.orange=Oreng Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.pink=Pink Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.purple=PurpL Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.red=Reed Baend Sinistier
item.banner.stripe_downleft.silver=Light Grey Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.white=Wite Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downleft.yellow=Yolo-w Bend SinistR
item.banner.stripe_downright.black=darrk dawn line
item.banner.stripe_downright.blue=Bloo Bend
item.banner.stripe_downright.brown=bruwn side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.cyan=greeen bleu side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.gray=greay side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.green=greeen side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.lightBlue=Teh lite blu bend
item.banner.stripe_downright.lime=brite greeen side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.magenta=Teh Magentra Bend
item.banner.stripe_downright.orange=orng bend
item.banner.stripe_downright.pink=peenk side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.purple=Purrrrple Bend
item.banner.stripe_downright.red=Soviet dawn line
item.banner.stripe_downright.silver=wite greay side line
item.banner.stripe_downright.white=Whit Bund
item.banner.stripe_downright.yellow=yelaw side line
item.banner.stripe_left.black=blak pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.blue=blu pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.brown=braun pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.cyan=sian pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.gray=grei pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.green=grin pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.lightBlue=Lite Bleu Pail Dextr
item.banner.stripe_left.lime=laim pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.magenta=Maginta Pail Dextr
item.banner.stripe_left.orange=Orenge Pail Dextr
item.banner.stripe_left.pink=pinck pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.purple=purpl pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.red=You Do This Braah

item.banner.stripe_left.silver=lite grei pail deztr
item.banner.stripe_left.white=Wite Pail Dextr
item.banner.stripe_left.yellow=Yello Pail Dextr
item.banner.stripe_middle.black=Blak Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.blue=Bloo Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.brown=Brwn Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.cyan=Sigh-an Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.gray=Gray Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.green=Gren Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.lightBlue=Late Bluu Fess
item.banner.stripe_middle.lime=Lame Fess
item.banner.stripe_middle.magenta=purpl-ey dawn line
item.banner.stripe_middle.orange=oranj dawn line
item.banner.stripe_middle.pink=Pinc Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.purple=Purrrrple Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.red=Soviet Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.silver=Lite Gray Fes
item.banner.stripe_middle.white=blanck dawn line
item.banner.stripe_middle.yellow=Yellau Fess
item.banner.stripe_right.black=Blak Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.blue=Bluu Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.brown=Braun Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.cyan=Cya Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.gray=Grayz Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.green=Gren Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.lightBlue=Late Bluu Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.lime=Lame Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.magenta=Meigent Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.orange=Oreng Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.pink=Pink Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.purple=Purpl Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.red=Soviet Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.silver=Light Grayz Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.white=Wait Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_right.yellow=Yellau Peil Sinizter
item.banner.stripe_top.black=blak baze fezz
item.banner.stripe_top.blue=blu tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.brown=braun tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.cyan=sian tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.gray=grai tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.green=griin tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.lightBlue=lite blu tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.lime=laim tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.magenta=majnta tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.orange=Oranj Cheef Fes
item.banner.stripe_top.pink=pinck tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.purple=purpul tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.red=Soviet tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.silver=lite grai tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.white=wite tcheef fes
item.banner.stripe_top.yellow=yelloe tcheef fes
item.banner.triangle_bottom.black=Dark Chevronz
item.banner.triangle_bottom.blue=Blu Chevronz
item.banner.triangle_bottom.brown=Brown Chevronz
item.banner.triangle_bottom.cyan=Sighan Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.gray=GREY SHEVRON
item.banner.triangle_bottom.green=Green Chevronz
item.banner.triangle_bottom.lightBlue=Lite Bloo Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.lime=Liem Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.magenta=Majentaa Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.orange=Orung Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.pink=PIINK SHEVRON
item.banner.triangle_bottom.purple=PRPLZ CHVRN
item.banner.triangle_bottom.red=Soviet Chevronz
item.banner.triangle_bottom.silver=VERY LITE GREY SHEVRON
item.banner.triangle_bottom.white=Wite Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_bottom.yellow=Yelo Shevrun
item.banner.triangle_top.black=blakc upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.blue=blew upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.brown=broun upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.cyan=bleuy upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.gray=grey upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.green=grn upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.lightBlue=lite blew upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.lime=liem upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.magenta=puerple upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.orange=orangue upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.pink=pienk upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.purple=purrple upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.red=ryd upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.silver=lite grey upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.white=whiet upsied v
item.banner.triangle_top.yellow=yelou upsied v
item.banner.triangles_bottom.black=bleck bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.blue=bleu bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.brown=broun bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.cyan=cian bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.gray=grey bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.green=greun bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.lightBlue=lite bleu bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.lime=liem bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.magenta=prple bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.orange=oraynge bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.pink=pienk bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.purple=pyrple bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.red=read bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.silver=lite grey bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.white=whiet bottum indiented
item.banner.triangles_bottom.yellow=YELLOU BASS INDEZTED
item.banner.triangles_top.black=BLAWK CHEEF INDEZTED
item.banner.triangles_top.blue=Bwue Cheef Indentd
item.banner.triangles_top.brown=Bwown Cheef Indentd
item.banner.triangles_top.cyan=cain chtfd indntd
item.banner.triangles_top.gray=frdrn chtfd indntd
item.banner.triangles_top.green=Gween Cheef Indentd
item.banner.triangles_top.lightBlue=Lite Blu Chif Indented
item.banner.triangles_top.lime=Laim Chif Indantad
item.banner.triangles_top.magenta=Mahgehntah Chif Indented
item.banner.triangles_top.orange=Ohrang Chif Indented
item.banner.triangles_top.pink=cat what dat
item.banner.triangles_top.purple=Purrrple Cheef Indentd
item.banner.triangles_top.red=Soviet Cheef Indentd
item.banner.triangles_top.silver=lf chtfd indntd
item.banner.triangles_top.white=Wuhite Chif Indented
item.banner.triangles_top.yellow=Yallo Chif Indantad
item.banner.white.name=blenk bahnor
item.banner.yellow.name=yelloh bahnor
