createWorld.customize.custom.baseSize=deep beas siez
createWorld.customize.custom.biomeDepthOffset=baium deep ofset
createWorld.customize.custom.biomeDepthWeight=lolztype depth weight
createWorld.customize.custom.biomeScaleOffset=baium scael ofset
createWorld.customize.custom.biomeScaleWeight=baium scael weigt
createWorld.customize.custom.biomeSize=baium siez
createWorld.customize.custom.center=centr tallnes
createWorld.customize.custom.confirm1=Dis shal owerwite ur curent
createWorld.customize.custom.confirm2=setinz and u cant undo.
createWorld.customize.custom.confirmTitle=Uh oh!
createWorld.customize.custom.coordinateScale=moar numbrz thingy
createWorld.customize.custom.count=spahn triez
createWorld.customize.custom.defaults=da basikz
createWorld.customize.custom.depthNoiseScaleExponent=smart soundy deep math thingy
createWorld.customize.custom.depthNoiseScaleX=deep soundy thing x
createWorld.customize.custom.depthNoiseScaleZ=deep soundy thing z
createWorld.customize.custom.dungeonChance=numbrz of scaries
createWorld.customize.custom.fixedBiome=baium
createWorld.customize.custom.heightScale=tallnes thingy
createWorld.customize.custom.lavaLakeChance=numbrz of spicie nopes
createWorld.customize.custom.lowerLimitScale=basement max scael
createWorld.customize.custom.mainNoiseScaleX=soundy thing x
createWorld.customize.custom.mainNoiseScaleY=soundy thing y
createWorld.customize.custom.mainNoiseScaleZ=soundy thing z
createWorld.customize.custom.maxHeight=Max. tallnes
createWorld.customize.custom.minHeight=Min. tallnes
createWorld.customize.custom.next=go ferward plz
createWorld.customize.custom.page0=eazy customizashuns
createWorld.customize.custom.page1=Setinz 4 Oer
createWorld.customize.custom.page2=Advanses Customizashuns (SMART KITTEHS ONLEE!)
createWorld.customize.custom.page3=REELY ADVANSES CUSTOMIZASHUNS (SMART KITTEHS ONLEE!)
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.caveChaos=Caevz ov Kaeyos
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.caveDelight=Cavurz Dilite
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.drought=No watr :(
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.goodLuck=Meow
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.isleLand=Isle Land
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.mountains=Mauntin Craezines
createWorld.customize.custom.preset.waterWorld=Watr Wurld
createWorld.customize.custom.presets=Presuts
createWorld.customize.custom.presets.title=Custmiz Wurld Presuts
createWorld.customize.custom.prev=go back plz
createWorld.customize.custom.randomize=Scramble everting
createWorld.customize.custom.riverSize=rivr siez
createWorld.customize.custom.seaLevel=Watr lvl
createWorld.customize.custom.size=spahn siez
createWorld.customize.custom.spread=spred tallnes
createWorld.customize.custom.stretchY=squeeze teh tallnes
createWorld.customize.custom.upperLimitScale=ceiling max scael
createWorld.customize.custom.useCaves=Caevz
createWorld.customize.custom.useDungeons=scaries
createWorld.customize.custom.useLavaLakes=spiecie nopes
createWorld.customize.custom.useLavaOceans=big spicy nope
createWorld.customize.custom.useMineShafts=mein zhaftsd
createWorld.customize.custom.useMonuments=fisheh houzez
createWorld.customize.custom.useRavines=spooky holez
createWorld.customize.custom.useStrongholds=kitteh towurz
createWorld.customize.custom.useTemples=hooman shrinez
createWorld.customize.custom.useVillages=hooman townz
createWorld.customize.custom.useWaterLakes=watr laekz
createWorld.customize.custom.waterLakeChance=numbrz of watr laekz
